Mr. Gu, if you don't eat it, I will help you.
Are you free from work?
Hey wait
Do something for me
Mr. Gu, please ask me to do something.
Remind me to approve your resignation report
Section 2
This is Lin Yoyo's admission letter
I have heard of Starlight International Kindergarten
But this kindergarten charges more than 300,000 yuan a year
I have no money
This is the kindergarten of Story Holdings.
I've given you a full tuition waiver.
Full reduction
Really? Mr. Gu is so kind
Yes, yes, there is an agreement.
I'm so excited.
Mr. Hu, our company
When was the employee treatment so good?
Our company has always been people-oriented
Why is it difficult?
No problem no problem
Hello wife
Let's call it a day.
Just in time for the company
You have to respect your teachers in kindergarten
Toddler classmates, do you know?
Yoyo is going to school
I can finally go to school.